Anchore engine and Jenkins Credentials plugin guides and snippets (#564)
external-secrets/external-secrets: docs/guides-anchore-engine-credentials.md

# Getting started

> Anchore engine is one of the best of breed security scanning used for scanning docker images, filesystems and with Harbor allowing a complete solution to container scanning at build time, nightly and with the admission controller the prevention of unscanned images from being deployed into kubernetes clusters.

Reviewer: I would rephrase this a bit:

```suggestion
Anchore Engine is an open-source project that provides a centralized service for inspection, analysis, and certification of container images. With Kubernetes, it also brings nice features like preventing unscanned images from being deployed into your clusters
```

## Installing with Helm

> There are several parts of the installation that require credentials these being :-

Reviewer: This breaks the build of the docs. Did you build it locally?

you can build with `make docs`

and you can serve with `make serve-docs`

Then you can see the generated frontend locally on port 8000

Author: Has there been an update to the docker image as I ran this before my PR , fails now but doesn't seem related to the actual markdown

```
❯ make docs
17:52:56 [ OK ] Finished generating deepcopy and crds
/Library/Developer/CommandLineTools/usr/bin/make -C ./hack/api-docs build
docker build -t github.com/external-secrets-mkdocs:latest -f Dockerfile .
[+] Building 39.0s (9/9) FINISHED
 => [internal] load build definition from Dockerfile                                                                                                                                                                                     0.0s
 => => transferring dockerfile: 823B                                                                                                                                                                                                     0.0s
 => [internal] load .dockerignore                                                                                                                                                                                                        0.0s
 => => transferring context: 2B                                                                                                                                                                                                          0.0s
 => [internal] load metadata for docker.io/library/alpine:3.11                                                                                                                                                                           2.0s
 => [auth] library/alpine:pull token for registry-1.docker.io                                                                                                                                                                            0.0s
 => [internal] load build context                                                                                                                                                                                                        0.0s
 => => transferring context: 335B                                                                                                                                                                                                        0.0s
 => [1/3] FROM docker.io/library/alpine:3.11@sha256:bcae378eacedab83da66079d9366c8f5df542d7ed9ab23bf487e3e1a8481375d                                                                                                                     0.6s
 => => resolve docker.io/library/alpine:3.11@sha256:bcae378eacedab83da66079d9366c8f5df542d7ed9ab23bf487e3e1a8481375d                                                                                                                     0.0s
 => => sha256:bcae378eacedab83da66079d9366c8f5df542d7ed9ab23bf487e3e1a8481375d 1.64kB / 1.64kB                                                                                                                                           0.0s
 => => sha256:65d32c8f6e45a68def0d167c5751476a07710eede8d3247c968a26daa676f266 528B / 528B                                                                                                                                               0.0s
 => => sha256:1fd5850ccf13c153697413d51bb0665c03202aad5314c38ca7bf14a8250f6463 1.49kB / 1.49kB                                                                                                                                           0.0s
 => => sha256:b48a9fe99aba73065302163e59c82a1b0054810c7b9ef85eee6f1b495b162461 2.73MB / 2.73MB                                                                                                                                           0.4s
 => => extracting sha256:b48a9fe99aba73065302163e59c82a1b0054810c7b9ef85eee6f1b495b162461                                                                                                                                                0.1s
 => [2/3] COPY requirements.txt /                                                                                                                                                                                                        0.0s
 => [3/3] RUN apk add -U --no-cache     python3     python3-dev     musl-dev     bash     gcc     diffutils   && pip3 install -r /requirements.txt                                                                                      34.9s
 => exporting to image                                                                                                                                                                                                                   1.3s
 => => exporting layers                                                                                                                                                                                                                  1.3s
 => => writing image sha256:009504d5e74b2161c64c167d275097e48cd19967137d2cbd567df1c65ad6b5c7                                                                                                                                             0.0s
 => => naming to github.com/external-secrets-mkdocs:latest                                                                                                                                                                               0.0s

Use 'docker scan' to run Snyk tests against images to find vulnerabilities and learn how to fix them
./generate.sh /Users/surjitbains/Documents/git/SCM/polarpoint/a/external-secrets/hack/api-docs/../..//docs/spec.md
no required module provides package github.com/ahmetb/gen-crd-api-reference-docs; to add it:
	go get github.com/ahmetb/gen-crd-api-reference-docs
make[1]: *** [generate] Error 1
make: *** [docs] Error 2
```

Reviewer: You need to get the dependency there:
`go get github.com/ahmetb/gen-crd-api-reference-docs`

Just for the make docs. We don't add it as a general dependency in the project since it is only used for generating the docs.

But make docs is failing even after adding it.

Author: ```
go get github.com/ahmetb/gen-crd-api-reference-doc
go get: module github.com/ahmetb/gen-crd-api-reference-doc: git ls-remote -q origin in /Users/surjitbains/go/pkg/mod/cache/vcs/5658c250e7048acd139dcc8cab1cfef7e46665c1af2d12e2c83c240b3dbdb047: exit status 128:
	remote: Repository not found.
	fatal: repository 'https://github.com/ahmetb/gen-crd-api-reference-doc/' not found
	
```

Author: @knelasevero  What error message do you see?

Reviewer: Do you mind adding me to your fork? I can take care from there :)

Author: @knelasevero done

ANCHORE_ADMIN_USERNAME
ANCHORE_ADMIN_PASSWORD
ANCHORE_DB_PASSWORD
db-url
db-user
postgres-password

> Creating the following external secret ensure the credentials are drawn from the backend provider of choice example for Hashicorp Vault and AWS Secrets Manager providers

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Creating the following external secret ensure the credentials are drawn from the backend provider of choice. The example shown here works with Hashicorp Vault and AWS Secrets Manager providers.
```
```suggestion
Creating the following external secret ensure the credentials are drawn from the backend provider of choice example for Hashicorp Vault and AWS Secrets Manager providers
```
